"slapstick":"I tried to be a morning person once. I woke up at 5 AM, looked in the mirror, and my reflection just said, 'Go back to bed, it's not worth it.'",
"slapstick":"You ever notice how when you're in a hurry, every traffic light turns red? It's like they're conspiring against you, saying, 'Oh, you've got somewhere to be? Let me just add a few minutes to your journey.'",
"slapstick":"I recently joined a gym, and let me tell you, it's not easy. The hardest part isn't the workout itself, it's trying to look cool while struggling on the treadmill. I'm pretty sure I invented a new dance move.",
"slapstick":"I went to a restaurant that advertised 'all you can eat,' and I took that as a personal challenge. Let's just say they regretted it. I think I single-handedly ruined their profit margin for the month.",
"slapstick":"I envy people who can fall asleep instantly. It takes me longer to fall asleep than it does to watch a Lord of the Rings movie marathon. And that's the extended editions.",
"slapstick":"You know you're getting old when you start getting excited about appliances. I got a new vacuum cleaner the other day and spent the entire weekend testing it out. My social life is really taking off.",
"slapstick":"I tried yoga once. Keyword: tried. Turns out, I'm about as flexible as a tree trunk. The instructor kept saying, 'Just relax and let your body melt into the pose.' My body was like, 'Nope, we're staying right here.'",
"slapstick":"I'm at that age where my friends are either getting married or getting divorced. It's like a game of relationship musical chairs, and I'm just standing in the corner with a bag of popcorn, waiting to see who's left standing.",
"slapstick":"I don't understand why they call it 'rush hour.' It's more like 'sit in traffic for an hour' hour. They should rename it to something more accurate, like 'crawl at a snail's pace hour.'",
"slapstick":"I'm convinced my refrigerator is playing mind games with me. I'll open it, stare inside for a few minutes, close it, then immediately reopen it as if something magically appeared in those two seconds. It's a vicious cycle of disappointment.",